The heron knows the vermilion clothes and is not frightened. I would like to ask about the sadness and silence in the world, but the string of Bo Ya is silent.
Hunan is a guest moving through the spring, swallows in the mud two times new. In the old days, I knew the owner of the old garden, but now I see people from afar on social days. The poor people who live in the nesting rooms everywhere are not the same as the ones who are entrusted with this body. I'm going to talk to the boats for a while, and I'm going to wear flowers and stick to the water to get my towel.
I don't see jumping fish turning over the curved harbor, the lake specially passed by. The wind and the lotus are in disarray. The clouds blow away, and the cool moon falls on the flat waves. A glass of white wine is still drunk, and I return to my home with my hair in the air. No one can sing the song of lotus picking. The small xuan interjection pillow, the shadow of the eaves hanging star river.
The jade stove fragrance, red wax tears, partial shine painting hall autumn thoughts. The night is long and the pillow is cold. The wutong tree, the third night of rain, does not say that the separation is bitter. A leaf, a sound, empty steps dripping until the morning.
The wind and the rain of several leaves in the Xiao Xiao, the people who are away from the world know long and more bitter. Interjection of the pillow to count the number of autumn, toads under the early strings. The night is chilly and the tears fall with the flowers of the lamp. There is no place that is not sad, the light dust is in the jade piano.
The loneliness covers the woodshed, and the pallor faces the sunset. The cranes are nesting in the pine trees, and people are visiting the wicker door. The green bamboo contains new powder, the red lotus drops its old clothes. The fire and smoke rise at the ferry, and the loosestrife returns everywhere.
The mountain pavilion and the water pavilion are halfway through autumn, and the phoenix apartment is lonely and unaccompanied. I'm bored with some new sorrow, and my moths are only knitted. When I get up and face the embroidered house, there are sparse fireflies. Thanks to the moon's pity, I can't bear to be round tonight.
Once I left my home, I heard nothing from my family, a hundred kinds of longing, when will my intestines break. The swallows are not coming and the flowers are getting old, and the waist is thin in spring. When will my husband arrive? I wish I hadn't met him in the beginning. A good dream is about to come true, but I feel that the warbler cries at the green window.
The thin red deep, about sweeping green maid cloud greasy. The little mandarin ducks, gold and emerald, are the hearts of the people. The book of the next year, a thousand tears, hatred is difficult to let go.
Solo walk, solo sit, solo singing, solo pay, and solo sleep. I stand and hurt my soul, but I can't help but feel the light cold and touch people. The first thing I want to do is to see who is in love with me. I'm still sad and sick, I can't dream of the cold lamp.
The flowers are falling, the smoke is thin, the pond pavilion of the Xie family is lonely and deep in spring. The moths are lightly restrained, and the lapels are stained, and no one knows this heart. The jade stove incense broken frost and ashes cold, curtain spread shadow, beam swallows return to the red apricot. The night comes, the sky is empty and quiet, sleep alone, pillow sandalwood bun partial.
The flowers are so distressed that they can't even speak with the sad people. The tent is filled with the cold of spring and the mountain in the dream. The curtain is windy, and the tears fall with the remaining red. I am jealous of the flowers, I lost it first.
The clouds are light, the wind is high, the leaves are flying, the garden is cold and rainy, the moss is green, and the people are quietly covering the screen. The powdered beauty secretly worries about the golden belt pillow, the mandarin ducks are empty around the painted robe, how can I live up to not thinking about returning!
The title of the red leaves and clear streams of the imperial ditch, enjoy the yellow flowers and people drunk in the song building. The sky is long and the geese are thin, the moon is falling and the mountains are thin, it is cold and clear in the twilight of autumn. Who is willing to teach white clothes to send wine?
After the rain, spring looks more beautiful. Only the people who have left can not wash away their hatred. Three sides of the water in front of Beigu Mountain. The green snail bun is embraced by the green Qiong comb. A paper letter from my hometown comes ten thousand miles. Ask me when I will really be able to return. The white head is sent to spring for a drunkenness. The east wind blew through a thousand lines of tears.
The gloomy parted sleeves. The heart is broken and the water is flowing, the boat is tied to the willow. The moon of the Wu Palace enchanting flowers, drunken title hate leaning, barbaric river cardamom. The spring embroidery. The most important thing is that you can get a good idea of how much love you have under your pen. The new garden is locked but sad, the dew is yellow, and the cold fragrance is half an acre. The four bridges of smoke and rain, a night of singing and drinking. I still remember the windy days when I was carrying a pot in the cuiwei. The day I arrived at the West Lake, I saw the plum inlay wrinkled again. Who is listening to the pipa? The golden seal. I'd like to come and talk about the old days with you. I don't want to sing about the old days. I'm afraid that I'll have to send the clouds in front of the building to know about it. The tears of the people are not enough to make people thin.
Hu horse, Hu horse, far away under the Yanji Mountain. Running in the sand and snow, looking east and west, the road is lost. The road is lost, the road is lost, the grass is endless.
Sweeping away the traces of horses' hooves, the court returned to its closed door. The lance is ripe with rice, and the small tree with date palm blossoms is in spring. The wall is hanging like a wish, when the curtain reads the horned scarf. The dog's book had gone to Luo, the crane sickness regret to travel to Qin. The tea leaves are sealed in a cauldron, and the bamboo roots are locked in a cup on the mountain. I don't know who is rowing the moon on the boat and who is rowing the clouds in the stream?
A sound of wu leaves and an autumn, a bit of banana and a bit of sorrow, three nights after returning to dream three nights. The flowers of the fallen lamp, the chess is not yet collected, sighing at the drowning of Xinfeng's retrograde travel. The ten years on the pillow, Jiangnan two old worries, all to the heart.
The green mountains and beautiful trees clear up in autumn. The road turns steep and there is no place to go. Suddenly, there are people's homes near the curving water, bamboo fences and huts, wine flags on the sandy shore, a cluster of villages and markets. I am afraid that my heart will rise when I am sad. The phoenix tower is far away, and I turn back to gaze at it. Where is the lonely house this evening?
The rainbow is far from drinking the water of the river, and the mountains are purple and green in the slanting sun. The horse is tied to the west of the short pavilion, and the maple is bright with the wine flag. The life of a regular visitor, things go by the lonely Hong. It's the dusk of the moon again, and the cold lamp is closed.
The drizzle is wet. I am alone with my door closed on a good day. The nesting swallows have led their chicks to the end of the day, and the soul is lost. I was looking for traces of the night in the beams. The guest house is just like a village. There is no one to carry a bottle of good things. Only the warbler's voice knows this hatred, attentive. It is just like hearing it on the pillow at that time.
The west wind has made the ice muscle thorough, the exquisite crystal pillow is worried double set. The time of the year is Chung Yeung, the chrysanthemum flowers are holding a long hatred. The book of fish has been extinguished by the year, the candle tears flowing the remaining moon. The dream is not clear, the distant mountains and clouds are in chaos.
Autumn twilight. The rain is a real pearl. After the rain, the moon was born, cold through the mandarin duck pool. The pond is a sad place with no couple. I am not in the mood to live alone. But the golden cage with parrots. I'd like to remember the words of the pink boy.
The maple is soughing and the rain is miserable, the autumn color is distantly seen into the Chu fan. Who to the lonely boat to pity the chasing guests, white clouds to send a big Jiangxi.
Mirror water night to the autumn moon, like snow. When picking lotus, the little lady red powder to the cold waves. Melancholy, is thinking.
The wind on the willow bank is becoming sparse, making your home like a wild man's residence. The clouds and the water can still be appreciated, and the whistling and singing are also free. After the rain darkened the remnants of the lamp chess scattered, the wine woke up the lonely pillow geese to the beginning. Pity the Red Cliff to compete with the majestic ferry, only a Demoiselle sitting fishing.
The moon reaches the halfway point of autumn in the southeast. In the middle of the double queue, there is a vast flow of silver. Who will rise to see under the curtain of water essence? In front of the wind, I heard the pipes. The cool dew is wet and the wind is blowing on my face. I love the clear light, which shines on the enmity and grievance. The willow and palace acacia are all over the place. The long door west to the Zhao Yang Palace.
I remembered last year's autumn with a goblet, and the tung fell at the head of the old stream. The poem is written by the red leaves, and the hatred is sent to the east stream. The people are full of veins, the water is long. There are many sorrows. The geese can't write, the butterfly dream has no proof, leaning on the high building.
Autumn loneliness. Autumn wind and night rain hurts the loneliness. The sadness of leaving. The old heart is helpless, the teardrops are falling. The old man left without a date. A letter from a ruler is suddenly sent to a crane in the west. The crane flying west. Where are the old people? The watery villages and mountains.
The water in the stream is already frozen with defeated leaves, and the night dream still shines on the short and long pavilion. When did the abandoned temple lose its name? The guest leaning on the horse is writing on the monument, the cockerel is dialing the lamp in front of the Buddha, and the dust is eliminated in order to present the golden scriptures.
When I crossed the Seven Mile Beach on a moonlit night, the view was amazing. I sang this tune, and it made all the mountains ring. Tonight, the autumn light goes to Tongjiang River, in order to write about the high walk of the past. The wind and dew are not found in the human world, so I sit on the bow of the boat and blow the bamboo. The dream of the crane is suspected to be renewed. The fisherman's father at the west rock is staying for the first time. I remembered that the Shiosha was buried, and that I was alone in my description. Three or four cold fireflies pierce through the thatched hut in the front bay. The forest is pure and hidden smoke, the peak is dangerous and limited to the moon, the sails are shaking the sky green. With the wind drifting, white clouds still lying in the deep valley.
Tourists in the north of Duling, send guests to the east of Hanchuan. No matter where they go or where they live, they are all a drift. The autumn temples are white with frost, and the declining face is red with wine. There are other places to think of each other, and the birds cry in the night wind.
The wind outside the curtain is five shifts, and the cold season is over. Just half of the autumn coverlet is left, and the remaining moon is in the curtain. The tears are not ice. It is a good place to say goodbye. I'd like to tell you about the sadness of separation until the cold of dawn.
With armor all over the earth, I am going far away for you! All my friends and family cried, and my horse and saddle went to the lonely city. The grass and trees are late, the frost and snow are clear. It was yesterday that we parted, because we saw the feelings of the ancient people.
I was disappointed that I had to go back alone, but I had to go through the ruggedness of the hazards. The mountain stream was clear and shallow enough to wash my feet. I drank my newly cooked wine, and invited a chicken to the near game. When the sun is dark in the room, I have to replace the candle with a thorn. I am happy to come to the bitter end of the night, and I have already returned to the rising sun.
Several times I sat under the flowers and blew, and I saw the red wall of Yinhan in the distance. It seems that the stars are not from last night, for whom the wind and dew are standing in the middle of the night. The most important thing is that you can't get rid of the cocoons, and you can't get rid of the bananas after the heartbreak. I'm sorry that the wine has never disappeared.
The green is clean and the spring is good for dyeing clothes. The sky is the limit. The white gulls are flying. Two forgetfulness. The old people who come and go from the north and the south are old. The sunset sends the fishing boats home. Mandarin fish are fat.
The wind, rain and pear blossoms, narrow curtains and small window screens. The very emotions in front of the lamp, the guest's heart on the pillow, the heart of the world. Three thousand feet of sorrowful sideburns, fifty years of spring dreams of prosperity. I suddenly see people's homes, the willows are divided into smoke, and help up the eaves.
The willows on the shore are green with smoke, and the flowers in the garden are red with sunlight. The sound of a few voices entering the bar. The painting screen is empty.
A pot of wine among flowers, drinking alone without relatives. Raising a glass to the moon, the shadow becomes three. The moon does not understand the drink, the shadow follows my body. The moon will be accompanied by the shadow for a while, and the music must be done in spring. I sing the moon wandering, I dance the shadow messy.
The moon of Qutang, the six upper strings of spring. The dark room is always open, and the sky is full of greenery. The wind is quiet, and the tears are hanging high. There are magpies flying in the south, and they fall by the river at night for a long time.
The horses are silent at five o'clock. The neighboring chickens are still afraid of being scared. The sun is bright at dawn and the spring is bright. The coldness of the evening is a shade of sorrow. Dreams of the new year, feelings of last year. Half awake at night. The spring breeze is uncertain and the plum is light. The long and short pavilion of the broken Hong Kong.
On the ninth street, the dust is soft and moist, and the snow is slippery. In the Gion Garden, the day is filled with cloudy flowers. The ladders and staircases are scattered with musk, and the waves are lingering on the green sleeves. I sighed at the end of the year, a series of turns, roaming tourists like embroidery. The corridor has been broken for a long time. The actual fact is that you can find a lot of people who are interested in the idea of the actual game. The first thing you need to do is to get rid of the drifting flowers. I'm afraid to wake up from a drunken cup of pepper. The evening chill is deep, the late return, since the garden willow.
The cold lamp in the hotel is not sleeping alone, why does the guest's heart turn sad. The hometown is a thousand miles away tonight, and the frosty temples will be there for another year tomorrow.
Who will ask you about the hotel? The cold lamp is alone. The year is coming to an end, and there are people who have not yet returned. I am sad about the past and laugh at this body. My face is sad and my sideburns are decaying, but tomorrow will be another spring.
This year, I've been traveling alone in Qin, and I'm worried about spring. The flowers in the upper forest garden are in vain, and the leaves in front of the willow camp are new. The gentleman should enjoy himself to the fullest on the South Bridge, and the general should stay in the West for a few days. I'm sending a message to the windy days of Luo Cheng, next year's spring colors will be returned to people.
The golden duck is still warm, and the green window is bright. The orchid cream stains the cloudy maid, and the hairpin falls silently. The first thing I want to do is to get a good idea of what I'm thinking. The embroidered screen breaks off the dream of the dazzling Hunan, and a warbler is heard outside the flowers.
I am sad to come, I am sad to come. The master has wine, do not pour, listen to my song of sadness. No one knows my heart when I don't sing or laugh.
Who will talk to me for a long time about the recent infinite sadness? From the time I was taught, I was taught to pay for the red tears in the green window and the early geese and early warblers. At that time, I appreciated it, but now I've given up, I'm always in love. I suddenly suspect that you have arrived, the wind is blowing in the lacquer lamp, and I'm counting the stars in spring.
Autumn is sluggish. The wutong falls out of the west wind is evil. The west wind is evil. A few new geese, a few remnants of the horn. I don't care if I'm wandering. I am alone in my promise of yellow flowers every year. Yellow flowers. How many courtyards, how many curtains.
The scenery of the parting place of the pavilion of thanks is full of sorrow. The moon in the blue sky is scattered by the guests, and the blue water flows in the empty mountain. The flowers in the pool reflect the sun in spring, and the bamboo in the window sounds in autumn at night. The present and the past are connected, and a long song is sung in remembrance of an old trip.
The sky is at the bottom of the clear stream when the shadow is illuminated by the stream. There are walking clouds in the sky, and people are in the walking clouds. Who is singing with the rest, the clear voice of the empty valley is rising. Not a ghost nor a fairy, a song of peach blossom water.
The butterflies are lazy and the warblers are lethargic, and the spring is half over. The flowers are falling and the wind is gusting, and the small courtyard is full of red. The red sun is not yet awake, the curtain is not rolled at dusk. The cloudy temples are disheveled and the eyebrows are light. I always want to talk to someone about my worries. I don't believe that it is difficult to tie this love, but the poplar flowers still have the east wind pipe.
The birds fly high, the clouds go alone. The only one who is not tired of seeing each other is Mount Jingting.
After the rain a cicada noise, drifting pine laurel autumn. The moss is full of steps and the white birds stay late. The twilight mist is deep in the trees, and the sun is slanting down the small building. Who knows that the West Bamboo Road and the song is blowing is Yangzhou.
The fire in the rain is forbidden and the empty lodge is cold, the warbler on the river sits alone and listens. I am thinking of my brothers as I drink and watch the flowers, and the grass is green in the cold of Duling.
All the flames are extinguished in the sky, and all the smoke is hidden on the ground. I don't know where the fire is, but it comes to the heart of the guest.
The songs are sung at the halfway point of the jade tower, and the wind sends the concubines to the palace with laughter. The shadow of the moon hall opens to hear the night leak, the crystal curtain rolls near the autumn river.
I drank at sunset at the head of the river. At the first snowfall, it was still clear. The mountain post is bleak, and people sleep alone in the dark. I've sent a new message from the Mandarin machine. Sighing at the past, I can't rethink it. Dreams are broken in the south tower, green clouds are piled up on a pillow.
The colorful boat carries the sorrow of leaving, and for no reason, it is sent by the woodcutter's wind. The waves are muddy and the sunset is late, and the soul is not self-contained. Who will share the good night with me? I have a dream in the window. But when the dream returns, there is a new parting!
Evening clear wind breaks. The spring is a great time to break. The flowers are sparse, the sky is light, the clouds come and go, several branches of snow. The victory is over. The sorrows are also over. Who can tell us about this feeling? There are only two lines of low geese, knowing that people leaning on the moon of the painted building.
The guest suddenly arrived at the Xiangdong post. I am really a visitor from Hunan in the morning. The clouds are clear and blue. When did I meet my old friends? Jiangnan is like the north of the country. It is hard to get a book after the farewell. Since the first geese are rare. It's the middle of spring.
The night rain drips on the empty steps, the lonely pavilion dreams of returning, the mood is depressed. A piece of idle sorrow, thinking that it is difficult to look like a painting. The autumn is getting old, the sound of grasshoppers is bitter, and the night is coming to an end, the flowers are falling. I always sleep alone in the night for no reason at all. I am to blame for my bad faith and light promises since I left. I remember the time when I made a promise with the clouds. Whenever you are in the depths of your bedroom, you can drink together according to new words. I am willing to laugh with you again, and I am willing to put gold and jade pearls to treasure.
The hibiscus has fallen to the end of the day, the sunset waves rise. The two swallows flying on their backs are cold against the clouds, and I am alone to the east side of the small building, leaning on the appartment to see. I am only old in my life, and the snow is all over Chang'an Road. The old man came up to the high platform in the morning and evening and gave me a plum in the spring color of Jiangnan.
The wind and rain filled the apple island. The embroidered pavilion silver screen overnight autumn. The day when the socks and dust where to go, stream building. How can I not cry to the smoke and waves. The sky is the sight of the returning boat. The waves rolled and turned a leaf floating. It is also like my soul is uncertain, long. Song Yu is sad about Yu Xin.
The swallows are flying in the house, no one is around, the shade of the tung is turning noon, the evening is cool and freshly bathed. The hand is like a jade fan. I'm getting sleepy, I'm sleeping alone. Who is outside the curtain to push the embroidered door? The dream is broken. But the wind is knocking on the bamboo. The pomegranate is half-brushed with red scarves, and when the flowers and pistils are all gone, I will accompany you in your solitude. A lush branch to look at carefully, the fragrant heart of a thousand like a bundle. I am afraid that the west wind will scare me. If you come to this place, you will not be able to touch the flowers in front of the wine. The two tears of pink together.
A sound, a more. The light in the window outside the banana window, at this time infinite love. It is difficult to make dreams come true and hate. I do not say that the sad people do not like to hear, empty steps dripping until the morning.
The grass is full of grasshoppers. The paulownia tree is scared. The sorrow in the sky is so thick on earth. The clouds and the moon are locked in a thousand places. Even though the floating raft comes and goes, we do not meet each other. The magpies on the star bridge are only seen after many years, thinking that it is difficult to end the parting of love and hate. The weaving cow and the weaving girl are not in the middle of separation. It's not just a matter of the wind.
The fog has lost its platform, the moon has lost the ferry. The source of peach is nowhere to be found. I can't help but feel the coldness of spring in the lonely pavilion, and the sound of cuckoo in the slanting sun. The post sends plum blossoms, and the fish transmits a ruler. This is a hatred that has never been repeated. It is fortunate that the Chen River flows around the Chen Mountain, for whom it flows down to the Xiaoxiang.
Where do the clouds go for a few days? I forgot to come back, but I didn't say that spring will end. A hundred grasses and a thousand flowers on the cold food road, who's tree is the carriage tied to? My tearful eyes are leaning against the building, and I often speak alone. When the two swallows come, will we meet on the stranger? The spring sorrow is like willow wadding, and there is no place to be found in my dreams.
I am going to the dangerous building with my staff. The moon is flowing in the smoke islet. The clouds are swept away, the wind is uncertain, and the boat is not yet released to cross at night. The wild geese are falling deep in the cold reeds. I am looking forward to the empty shadow of the Guanhe River. Who will accompany me in my drunken dance? Ten years of dreaming about Yangzhou Road. Leaning high and cold, worrying about my homeland, swallowing the pride of the captives. I want to cut off the three-foot sword of Loulan, and I hate the old words of the pipa. I am not sure what to say. I would like to call the relegated immortal Pingzhang to see if he is still allowed to drape himself over the Campsis River. The wind is turbulent and wants to fly.
The missing moon hangs on the sparse trees, and the people are quiet at the beginning of the leakage. When I see a ghostly man alone, a misty and lonely shadow. I wake up but turn back, there is hatred that no one can save. The lonely sandbar is cold.
The search is on, the cold is on, the misery is on. It's hard to rest when it's still cold at the beginning of the year. How can three glasses or two of light wine beat the wind that comes in the evening? The geese are passing by, but they are sad, but they know each other from the old days. The yellow flowers are piled up all over the ground. Who can pick them now? How can I be alone in the darkness when I am guarding the window? The paulownia tree and the fine rain, to dusk, dripping. This time, the word "sorrow" can be described!
Where to synthesize sorrow. Autumn is in the hearts of those who have left. Even if the banana is not raining, it is still chilly. It is said that the weather is good in the cool of the evening, and there is a bright moon, but I am afraid to climb the stairs. I am not dreaming of the year. The flowers are empty and smoke flows. The swallows are returning, and the guests are still staying. The weeping willow does not haunt the skirt. It is a long time to tie the boat.
The courtyard is deep, the willows are piled with smoke, and the curtain is not repeated. The Jade Le Carved Saddle is the place to go, and the high building is not seen on the Zhangtai Road. The rain and the wind are raging at the end of March, the door is covered with dusk, there is no way to stay in spring. I asked the flowers in tears, but they did not say anything, and the red flew through the autumn.
The first warmth is still lightly cold. The wind and rain are coming in the evening. The courtyard is lonely near Qingming, the remnants of flowers in the wine, and last year's illness. The wind blows awake the painted corner at the head of the building. At night, the door is quiet. The moon is sending the shadow of the autumn swing through the wall.
The pearl curtain is silent. The sorrowful back silver jar weeping. I remember when I was a teenager and was elected to the first. Thirty-six palaces first. When the palm of grace. But now the long door is cold. The moon is bright and the flowers are falling at dusk.
The deep courtyard is quiet, the small garden is empty, the cold anvil is intermittent and the wind is intermittent. The night is long and the people do not sleep, but the moon is in the curtain.
Drinking away from the pavilion to the west, the floating growth hate floating canopy. The smoke and willows are getting heavier and heavier. The light clouds and lonely geese are far away, and the cold sun is red in the evening sky. Where is the painted boat tonight? The tide is flat and the moon is hazy in Huai. The wine is awake and the people are quiet, but the sorrow is thick. The remaining lamp is alone in the dream, the light waves of five nights wind.
The rain is clear and the smoke is late. The green water is full of new pools. Two swallows fly to the willow courtyard, the small pavilion curtains are rolled high. At dusk, leaning alone on the vermilion appartment. The new moon in the southwest has a curved brow. The masonry and the flowers are in the wind.
The old fragrance remnants of powder like the original. Human feelings are not as good. There are still a few lines of books in spring. In autumn, the books are even more sparse. The coverlet is cold, the pillow is lonely. The sorrowful intestines are waiting to be relieved by wine. Even if there is a dream soul, it is vain. I can't be with my dreams.
The rain is sparse and the fire is splashed. The lanes and streets are not yet clear and bright. The apricot buds are broken. The pale red and white blush is so beautiful. I've been frustrated by a lot of love. I am sick and tired of being sick and tired, just like I was when I was young. I went around the corridor and sat alone. The moon is dark and the clouds are dark and the door is locked.
The wind and rain in Xiangtian broke the cold at the beginning. The courtyard is deep and empty. Li Qiao blows off the small monk. A long way to clear the night feedback. The dream of my hometown is broken and my soul is lonely. The momentous years are over again. Hengyang still has a letter from geese. Chen Yang and the geese do not.
The lonely clouds and the returning birds, a thousand miles of time. I remembered why I stayed behind, I left home for a long time. The sun is shining down on the trees, and it burns far into the autumn mountains. I don't dare to shine on the water, for fear of frightening my old face!
The moonlight is like water and water is like the sky. Where are the people who came to look at the moon together? The scenery is still vaguely like last year.
The white gull asks me to moor my lonely boat, is it my body that stays, or is it my heart that stays? If my heart stays, what is the matter that locks my brow? The wind beats the small curtain and the light dances around, to the idle shadow, cold and clear, remembering the old trip. Are the old trips still here? I am in the boat under the willow. I can't dream, but the cold water is empty. The yellow clouds are soaked through the cotton fur. It is said that no one is sad like me, but tonight the snow, there are plum blossoms, like my sadness.
I am ashamed to say that I have not yet repaid my kindness, and I dare to ask how long the road is. Ten thousand miles to the autumn geese, a thousand peaks together with the sunset. The old trip has become a long way away, and this trip is even more unlike my hometown. The grass and dew are deep in the mountains, and the clothes of the guests are falling every day.
Where is my sorrow and where do I still know my joy? A little bit of desolation for a thousand years, leaning alone in the west wind few Guo. And bamboo looking for springs, and clouds planting trees, called a true leisure guest, this mind leisure, should not be long by the gulch. I don't want to say that the past is not true, but now the clouds are. I don't know who I am when I am drunk, not the moon, not the clouds, not the cranes. The dew is cold and the wind is high, the pines and the laurels are high, and I am still awake when I am drunk. The north window is high, don't let the cries of birds startle you.
The stone of the water is closed, and the silence is good for leisurely singing. The long rain and cold cicadas are few, and the empty mountains and fallen leaves are deep. The dangerous building rides on the moon, and the distant temple listens to the bell. Yesterday, I got a letter from a monk in the river, and I look forward to coming here to rest my mind.
The cold air is invading the curtain, and I am alone in my small appointment with the fragrant spring. The plum blossoms all over the garden do not come back, it is really bad mood. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get a good deal on this. When he is back to painting his eyebrows, he will count the ways in which he has been treated.
At midnight in the mountain city, the golden watchman is rushing to the mountain, and the lamps and flowers are falling in the lonely pavilion when I wake up. The window is white and the rooster is sounding, and the pillow is full of horses. Sapium sebiferum tree in front of the door, the frosty moon is confusing the walk. I remember the man who sleeps alone, and I am often frightened by the cold in the morning.
The two magpies have reported several wrong dates of return. The old sorrows are all forgotten, but where are the new ones to be found? The snow is thin, the corner of the wall, and the sepals have been made up. The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you're doing.
I've been thinking about it for a long time, but I know it's no good. I can't throw it away, I'll find it in my dreams. After waking up, the building and the dream are all bright and extinct. The white window in the west, the cool moon, a courtyard of lilac snow.
I lost my partner in front of the flowers, and I was looking for fragrance alone. The eyes are full of sadness. Even if there is a song, but also broken heart. The butterflies are playing in the forest and the swallows in the curtain, each in pairs. I can't help but think about it more, the green trees and moss half sunset.
I have a date with the west wind, and I go to the clear autumn every year. I remember Yangzhou from my old trip to the curtain. A lamp and a person dreaming, two swallows and the moon on the floor. The dust is so dark that it is necessary to tidy up the style. The world will never be the same. I should be thin because of this, but I am also ashamed of my husband.
The first time I saw the movie, I was drunk and leaning on the green piano to live together. A pillow of new sorrow, the fragrance of flowers in the night and the moon filled the building. The music and pipes are blowing the dream of spring away from the brocade screen. Only the weeping poplar, do not let the shadow of the swing over the wall.
Smoke and rain on a clear day, fallen flowers without words. It is difficult to talk about this time, the Liang Yan double coming and going. The piano rhymes with the wind, there is hatred and love caresses. My intestines are often broken, and my tears are drops of gold.
The apricot blossoms are blooming and the swallows are busy, it is a good spring day. It is a good spring day, but the wind and rain are cold for a few days. Yang branches are drifting, peach roots are small, I am alone in my thoughts. Just when I am not thinking about it, I blow a piece of xiao sound over the wall.
Don't ask each other, afraid to ask each other, ask each other and add hatred. The pond is full of spring water, and the mobsters are still taking advantage of it. The rain fell last night, and it was cold for a while before morning. I remember the man from the garrison building, who has not heard from the border court for a long time.
